docs: readme (#43)
GreptimeTeam/promql-parser: README.md

## Example

To parse a simple instant vector selector expression:

``` rust
use promql_parser::parser;

let promql = r#"http_requests_total{environment=~"staging|testing|development",method!="GET"} @ 1609746000 offset 5m"#;

match parser::parse(promql) {
    Ok(ast) => println!("AST: {:?}", ast),
    Err(info) => println!("Err: {:?}", info),
}
```

or you can directly run examples under this repo:

``` shell
cargo run --example parser
```

This outputs:

```rust
AST: VectorSelector(VectorSelector { name: Some("http_requests_total"), matchers: Matchers { matchers: {Matcher { op: NotEqual, name: "method", value: "GET" }, Matcher { op: Re(staging|testing|development), name: "environment", value: "staging|testing|development" }, Matcher { op: Equal, name: "__name__", value: "http_requests_total" }} }, offset: Some(Pos(300s)), at: Some(At(SystemTime { tv_sec: 1609746000, tv_nsec: 0 })) })
```

## PromQL compliance

This crate declares compatible with [prometheus 0372e25][prom-0372e25], which is
prometheus release 2.40 at Nov 29, 2022. Any revision on PromQL after this
commit is not guaranteed.

## Users

This parser is currently being used by the [GreptimeDB][greptimedb].

> If your project is using sqlparser-rs feel free to make a PR to add it to this list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your project is using `promql-parser` feel free to make a PR to add it to this list.
```
